# Title

## Tuesday, July 29, 2025.
The time has come for a change in my life, and I am making that change. Letting myself drift without having decided to - that will be no more. My sin is great, redemption from sin through God's sacrifice is greater. This doesn't justify my sin, it justifies me despite my sin, taking away that sin and theoretically opening the possibility for something to grow. Whether in practice I let something grow is my decision. The metaphor of the plant is not supposed to be, due to the religious context, be misunderstood as a life tied down by rules and moral behaviour, which is widely perceived as boring and uptight. Growth means freedom, not tied down by the expectations, wishes or other limiting forces of those around me. Growth means allowing myself to unfold my potential to its fullest, using what has been laid into me from the beginning, taking advantage of the resources of light anf water provided to the plant which is me, and unfolding into what I was destined to become, uninhibited by anything. While God provided the earth, light and water which I need, and the loving atmosphere which a plant needs to thrive, His will for me is not tied down by the limited perception of the people at large, even the religious communities at large, of what God's character is. God is most definitely not the sum or generated by the set of beliefs of what He is. Even less so. What God is is not influenced in the slightest by what anybody thinks He is. God introduced Himself as the I am. Existence.

Existence exists only with the Great Exister who is God.

We talk of God in a gendered way. But God is not bound by gender. The choice of the masculine gender for Him may have reasons I don't yet understand, but I can surmise: It is not because of Him, but because of us who we talk of Him. It is because of our perception of gender: Thinking of a man, we think of a person, the gender being only a background fact. Thinking of a woman, we tend to not see her person in the foreground, but her gender is the focus of our attention. Thus, because for God, the gender is not of importance, more so He is without gender, so the masculine is chosen so as to let the gender be in the background and not in the focus.

But Jesus, who is God became flesh, he WAS a man. (I don't say IS because in the heavenly realm is gender still important?) There must be deeper reasons for this, and I don't want to pretend that I have any idea what they are.

I have dreams, I have projects in mind. I have parts of my family whom I have neglected for too long, for insufficient reasons. Not out of a sense of duty, but because I want to, I will remedy this situation in the years to come. I will reclaim angency over my life - over every aspect of it. Agency as in "the ability to take action or choose what action to take".

## Wednesday, August 13, 2025
What a stupid thing to do, putting myself out there in the internet for everyone to look up who knows my name. Do I care? No. Stupidity? It is some kind of "nothing really matters to me" attitude. What do I care if people can read my thoughts written in madness? I don't. Maybe it is my wish to emphasise one trait of character that sets me apart from the majority: I really, *really* don't care too much what others think about me, and have no problem being completely an open book, even to strangers. 

Okay, now to less self-introspecive matters. I am extremely incapable and inefficient lately. I have to spend a lot of my time making sure my mental health is fine. I have to spend my time chilling out as much as possible, anything else would be dangerous and irresponsible. So although a part of my mind feels the need and obligation to take my PhD work seriously, I have to completely ignore that at the moment, and only do stuff when I feel like it. It is important in this state that I don't bother too much of pissing off other people. What is the worst that could happen? Nothing, really. I should keep that in mind. I need to find a life motto fitting to my current situation, something which encompasses the fact that I am important, that I should chill out, and that other things will have to take a back seat - but at the same time, that I am not acting out of egoistic motives but have to make sure that I swim and don't drown.

I got it: "I am so ill that I need to chill." This will be my motto.

# I am so ill that I need to chill
